User Story / Gameplay

Describe the gameplay
    a game where two players control paddles that are positioned on either side of the screen. Up until the ball passes one player's paddle, a ball is struck back and forth between the top and bottom walls and the two paddles. The point is forfeited by the player who misses the ball. When one player scores 11 points, the game is over.
What are the conditions when the game begins?
    Both players have zero points, ball is set to center of the screen, speed is at its lowest points
Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
    Yes, when one of the players points reaches 11
What ifs will there be?
    If ball hits paddle, speed increases. If ball is greater than screen size, move it to center. If ball is out of border, points increases. If ball hits a ceiling or floor, move in opposite direction. If points reaches 11, game over
Visual Game Components:
What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
ball, paddle, the borders
Which will be static? (the board)
the borders
Which will be animated? (the box)
ball, paddles
What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
position, speed, points, border size
Events / Logic
What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
clicking events for both players
How do those events affect the data of the program?
    adds more code to the program
For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!
when the ball hits the paddle, the speed is increased, the direction changes
when ball goes out of borders, position resets to zero, speed is reset, point total goes up by one and is displayed
For example: in bouncing box, when the box is clicked:

The speed is increased
The point total goes up by 1 and is displayed on the box
The position of the box is reset to 0